Update how-to-create-remote-networks.md (#113032)
Azure/azure-content: articles/global-secure-access/how-to-create-remote-networks.md

- Completed the [onboarding process](#onboard-your-tenant-for-remote-networks) for remote networks
- The preview requires a Microsoft Entra ID Premium P1 license. If needed, you can [purchase licenses or get trial licenses](https://aka.ms/azureadlicense).
- To use the Microsoft 365 traffic forwarding profile, a Microsoft 365 E3 license is recommended.

> - Review the valid configurations for setting up remote networks here - [Global Secure Access remote network configurations](reference-remote-network-configurations.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Review the valid configurations for setting up remote networks here - [Global Secure Access remote network configurations](reference-remote-network-configurations.md).
```

> - Review the valid configurations for setting up remote networks here - [Global Secure Access remote network configurations](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/global-secure-access/reference-remote-network-configurations)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Review the valid configurations for setting up remote networks here - [Global Secure Access remote network configurations](reference-remote-network-configurations.md)
```
